Persistence queue (#861)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart: docs/advanced-configuration.md

By default, data is persisted in `/var/addon/splunk/persist` directory. 
Override this behaviour by setting `splunkPlatform.sendingQueue.persistentQueueEnabled.storagePath` option.

Check [Data Persistence in the OpenTelemetry Collector
](https://community.splunk.com/t5/Community-Blog/Data-Persistence-in-the-OpenTelemetry-Collector/ba-p/624583) for detailed explantion.

### Support for persistent queue

* `GKE/Autopilot` and `EKS/Fargate` support
  * Both of the above distributions doesn't allow volume mounts, as they are kind of `serverless` and we don't manage the underlying infrastructure.
  * Persistent buffering is not supported for them, as directory needs to be mounted via `hostPath`.
  * Refer [aws/fargate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/fargate.html) and [gke/autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-security#built-in-security).
* Gateway support
  * The filestorage extention acquires an exclusive lock for the queue directory.
  * It is not possible to run the persistent buffering if there are multiple replicas of a pod and `gateway` runs 3 replicas by default.

>   * If we provide support anyhow, only of those pods will be in running state and the other will be blocked to acquire the lock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Even if support is somehow provided, only one of the pods will be able to acquire the lock and run, while the others will be blocked and unable to operate.
```

>   * https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart/issues/800

Reviewer: The title of #800 indicates the Cluster receiver crashes with trying to use Persistence queue functionality. Does #861 close #800? Is this line out of date once #861 is merged?
